Quick note on Gazebo in Nobel (#394)
ros-infrastructure/rep: rep-2000.rst

" \*** " webOS OSE provides this different version.

> " † " Gazebo Classic is end-of-life and will not be supported in Ubuntu Nobel. Users are encouraged to upgrade to a modern Gazebo.release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
" † " Gazebo Classic is end-of-life and is not supported in Ubuntu Noble. Users are encouraged to upgrade to a modern Gazebo release.
```
